You can hold it in your mind.
This is what it is called later.
Tachama, Stelorators, etc.
And the second part, then, I think, appeared in my
first voice.
It was written that it was just...
It's like...
Take it.
Let go...
One...
In the mix, let go with a little speed.
It's like...
It's like a plasma.
And it's like a small microwave.
It's important for the reaction to the thermodynamics.
You have to give it to the colonists.
For this, you have to...
make it so that the temperature of this plasma was
so high that...
during this kind of movement, they could...
You have to give it to the colonists, so that
the temperature of this plasma is the same as yours.
And it's called the synthesis.
So, let's say, the hydrogen in the solar system is
connected, there is a solid element.
That is, the difference between the atoms...
The atoms...
The process of this...
The spread of heavy nuclear and energy.
And here, the synthesis of light elements, the details, the
details, the details, the third...
And the design of the parts and other elements, and
the distribution of energy.
The main thing is...
Yes, the return.
The increase of the heavy nuclear and the distribution of
energy.
In other words, the promise is the same.
If there is a business,
there is...
In theory, for this, you need hydrogen.
For the third, you need to fly.
Yes, of course.
For the third, it's the same.
The hydrogen...
It's from the top of the hydrogen.
I connect them.
I get a lot of energy.
And this is a light game.
Yes, that's right.
Yes, yes, yes.
It's a good thing.
Some people don't interfere with this.
That's why I...
That's why...
This is a synthesizer.
It's called a synthesizer.
If there is a decay, there is a synthesizer.
And...
At first, I thought it would be easy to create
a bomb, and then it would be another bomb.
That's right.
Then...
Everyone thought we would create a bomb and all of
them were happy.
But it turned out that it wasn't that easy.
Then they destroyed everything.
Then I would go to the South, go to the
West, and say, we did it for years, we did
it.
Until then, it was far away.
It was a bomb.
So, the bomb didn't happen.
I didn't say.
And the blast suddenly started.
The bomb hit me.
That is, the bomb was also with you.
Yes, and I was doing it again.
Yes, yes, that's how we created the bomb.
Yes,
yes.
I was working in this company.
I know the people who discovered it...
I was doing it.
Then we went to an art school, how to hold
it, well, here's the sun, here's the sun, please, we're
going to work on the process,
here's the bomb, we're going to work on the process,
that is, it stayed a little bit, but everything was
not that simple,
and still, well, we still have a lot of experience,
there are a lot of experiments that hold there, there
are a few seconds, almost, there are a few, I
don't know, hundreds, hundreds of thousands of hours.
What's the difficulty now, why didn't I do it quickly?
It's important, I think that it's more steppe than it's
engineering, that is, scientific studies, research, research, research, everything understands,
today you need to establish laboratory research and
this is engaged in China, Japan, and Americans, and together
in Europe, in Kodarashi, in this France, the international group
of works, and there are a lot of reactors that
hold it, and all this is very close,
and every time we say close,
as if someone brought it to Velikov,
and he didn't get it, he said, what year are
you going to say?
Here in 10 years we will have a thermo,
and three years ago, you also say, after 10 years,
he says, well, you see, you see, where I am,
I am not, I am standing in front of you,
I am not standing.
You don't give anything.
Well, I'm going to move, but clearly that somewhere, I
think after 15 years, maybe 20 such things, because I
think that it's already close,
I think after five years, we will see a demonstration,
you have heard about the laser -intermediate synthesis, which the
Americans have already existed, as they say, a positive exit.
A zero exit is a number of things.
There are two approaches.
One approach is what I was talking about, the position
of the plasma is heated,
and it is maintained,
and at the same time, it happens that we need
a number of reacts, that we need a number of
energies.
This is the position of the second approach, how did
you say that you would say that you would shoot?
Well, the micro -drift, which is happening,
the micro -termine -drift, and your energy distribution is more
than you have put in it.
This is, in my opinion, Levermuria, they have already made
a demonstration experiment,
but it is very expensive, of course.
While the economy is growing, everything is super high, so
it is not difficult.
What approach did the first and second approach occur?
There are both of them.
You know, this is the same situation, when you get
energy from the river in the river, and the second
one, the second one, the second one, the second one,
and the second
one.
What is the most economical approach?
I think that all this plasma, the position of the
other approach, it will be closer to the economic realization,
because the level is very expensive, because plasma is used
in lasers,
and the effectiveness of the transfer of energy from the
laser in the thermodeon is very poor.
Let's write to the audience, after 15 -20 years, you
can imagine how it will look, how it will look,
how it will look,
how it will look, I think it will be about
10 meters, probably,
such a bubble, which is heated plasma,
well, here are these things, magnets, which hold it, and
so on, and all this will be about about 50
-60 meters, about 100 meters in the hall.
No, there will be 100 meters in the hall, which
will be about 300 meters in the reactor.
And after that,
we get the energy, and then it will be further,
then it will be extended in a warm state,
it will be much more complicated,
and it will be more complicated, and it is better
to concentrate actually in one geategic place, or spread it
out, How did you manage to do it?
No,
the reactor can only be in one place.
But if you say, in general, you know, I think
that now everyone is trying to do it.
It's a demonstration of the reactor.
No, I think it's going to be in different places.
Moreover, it's one of...
Well, it's definitely more clean in America.
I don't know.
As far as I know, as far as we've been
together for 50 years, I've been looking at it for
quite some time.
Do you live here?
Are we more skeptical about it?
No, I'm very optimistic about it.
The horizon?
The horizon is a very difficult time to say.
Especially in the economy, given the fact that today
everyone has been killed, and they don't want to do
it.
It means that people are moving further and further.
It's interesting that there are two survivors on an election
that I've heard.
They've been working on it for 20 years.
It's a private company, which has paid a billion dollars.
It's not a state -owned company.
It's a private company, which is absolutely believed that it
will happen in 2030 or 30 years.
And they have a lot of progress, which you can
tell us, that there's a lot of work.
It's already working on the same level.
But it's not a big deal.
They told us the same thing.
And they gave me an online application.
When I'm applying for a registered catalyst, which is such
a huge horizon, that they are ready to wait for
10 years for this return.
As a result of the cost of their investment, we
gave it a lot.
Here, of course, this venture mechanism helps to
realize the conditions of fantastic things.
I've heard a lot of money in the past.
But nevertheless, it's the nature of venture capitalism.
They have to risk it.
And that's a big risk.
I think that...
Well, as I've said, it will be quite a classic
group.
They're moving step by step.
It's hard to make a mistake, because the physical processes
are the same.
It's hard.
I was talking about Elon Musk.
It's the center of the cosmos.
How do you think it will be?
It will be a physical horizon.
If you say so.
I've actually done everything in the cosmos.
Yes.
There's everything.
Well, you know, we're always on the territory.
There's no water,
water, etc.
In the past, we started to build a cosmos.
The more technology that will be provided, the cost of
life in the cosmos.
Because, as it is already shown,
that the elements of life are found in many places
that are difficult to imagine.
That's why I think that
all those resources that today are going to be spent
here,
on the direction of the atmosphere,
on the methodical atmosphere,
I think that we already exist in these stations,
and they work in a stable way.
In general, we can't see them.
It's just a disaster.
That's why, if a person wants to create a cosmos,
then he will be able to find a solution to
the cost of life, and just gradually.
And the sooner we start, the more likely,
the more likely, that we can create space that today
needs to be pushed to the whole territory,
to the whole nation.
That's why,
unfortunately,
there's no resources to spend there.
And when we say, there's no climate, and then the
people will help
stabilize the conditions of life in the Earth, in the
atmosphere.
Well, humanity grows.
Well,
I mean, I'm primitive, as humans, we should
be in the right way, in the right way, in
the right way, and as it is, we should be
biological, in the right way,
but not necessarily to develop on this planet.
Let's develop in other places.
And the resources, as you say, are enough to spend
there for 20 years.
And many, by the way,
maybe, in a scientific way, we decided to improve there.
Let's say, about your brain, how did you fall into
physics?
Oh, physics.
Yes, physics.
Well, I live here.
Did you finish school?
3rd school in the city center.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Well, I participated in the Olympics, and so on.
3rd school is in the Republic.
Right?
Yes, yes, in the Republic.
5th grade in the classical school.
I graduated 3rd school,
and then,
in one of the Olympics, physics.
We did physics in the Olympics,
but in the Olympics,
and there, in the Olympics, one of them, in the
Olympics,
I even, in my opinion, I didn't even listen to
physics.
You can listen to physics.
Yes, yes, yes.
You need to listen to physics.